hey what's up guys
today I'll show you a science fiction comedy film, "Virtuosity"
spoiler ahead, watch out and take care
in the city of Los Angeles, Parker and his colleague are tracing down a serial killer
at a restaurant in the virtual reality world
where they locate the suspect SID
the most Sadistic, Intelligent, and Dangerous VR killer throughout the history
after a fierce gunfire the colleague is caused into shock
while SID wants to take a hostage for cover
Parker kills the hostage and shoots SID
however, as Parker walks closer
he only finds that the hostage being shot dead is actually his colleague
right at that moment, SID makes his attack from nowhere
and controls Parker with his fingers piercing through Parker's wound
meanwhile, in the real world
Parker and his colleague suffer great pains
due to the overload to their nerve system
In fact, this is a virtual reality system
which is developed for the police to train their employees in fighting against the criminals
but unexpectedly, some unknown technical issue happens to the system
resulting in the death of the colleague
because of that, the project superior orders to shut down the project
Dave is very frustrated
for he makes lots of efforts in developing the whole VR training system
although Parker survives the accident
he is cuffed up again by the police
as Parker unveils the tricks used by SID
and is about to show the evidence in the computer
Dave however, stops him immediately
not long after that, Dave accuses virtual SID of the murder in the virtual world
because he actually knows SID has changed the nerve system parameters secretly
which exactly causes the death of a policeman
SID, who seems to enjoy the feeling of his first killing however
only responses in indifference to the accusal
he even goes further and proposes Dave release him out of the virtual world
it's revealed that Parker is actually a former police officer
but was found guilty and sent into prison due to his private execution of a gangster
who killed his wife and daughter
he's just taken out temporarily from jail to join the VR training project
on the other side, in rage and disappointed by the aborted VR system
Dave chooses to accept SID's proposal
and attempt to free SID out of the VR world
he then seduces the technician with a horny lady program
and makes the technician believe that he can bring the horny lady to the real world
by having its personality implanted in a physical body
believing that he's gonna meet the programed sexy lady in the real world soon
the technician bites the bait and starts to download her personality
while Dave however, takes the chance to exchange her personality chip with SID's
as a result, SID is brought into the real world
as he forms its physical body, he kills the shocking technician immediately
before appreciating such a masterpiece of himself
after knowing that the virtual serial killer SID has escaped out of the virtual world
the police negotiate with Parker on the hunting mission in exchange for his freedom
with that promised, Parker takes the mission
but to avoid his escape, the police have him implanted with a tracker
not long after that, Parker and the assistant set out to the crime scene directly
where he notices that SID commits the crime by copying the way from other murderers
they head to Dave's house later for more personality details about SID
they find out that SID is built with a self-learning program
which enables him to mimic many different personalities of criminals
surprisingly even the one who killed Parker's wife and daughter
on the other hand, SID wanders to a local bar
where he attempts to enjoy the mass killing before the camera and the public
right then, Parker shows up and shoots SID
causing some damage to his body
SID runs away from the bar and skillfully gets rid of the hunters chasing behind
on the second day, while learning of the news from the television
SID becomes to admire himself in such a masterpiece just done
right now, he really enjoys the bloody killing before the public
later based on the subsequent personality analysis
Parker knows that SID may have headed to the wrestling show
so he rushes there
while during that time, SID surrounds himself with the crazy audience at the stadium
and it turns out he lits up the whole show
by throwing a guy down to the stage badly
and kidnaps a girl before the camera
trying to challenge Parker, who's coming for him
right at that time, a security guard shows up and blows his arm off
but it can never stop SID
who just jumps to the stage and starts to enjoy the cheer-up from the fanatical audience
however, noticing Parker shows up
SID has to stop his fanatism and runs away
intending to play the hide-and-seek with Parker
later on a train, SID kidnaps an innocent girl and kills her
but he tricks the public to believe that it's Parker who shoots the girl
causing Parker to be arrested by the coming police
seemingly satisfied by his success in humiliating Parker in that way
SID then vanishes by the train
trying hard to argue that SID sets him up though
Parker however, could not find anybody to believe him
but right after Parker is confined into the police car
SID sets him free intentionally
for SID has got addicted to the bloody show
and never wants the game to be finished so soon
he even tells Parker that the tracker implanted in his body is actually toxic
intending to keep Parker alive for the following game
with his life in great danger, Parker explains to the assistant that SID sets him up
upon knowing the truth
the police director rushes to the control center
destroys the computer before the toxic tracker is activated
and saves parker's life finally
but not long after that, SID escalates his terror attack on innocent people
he kills all of the staff of a TV station and takes control of it
Parker and the assistant make their way to the station
where the assistant however, learns that SID has kidnaped her daughter
as Parker rushes through the bullet rain into the building
the assistant happens to see Dave, the developer of SID
she threatens Dave to tell her where's her daughter
but to no avail, because even Dave never knows SID's plan
after getting into the broadcast center
Parker shoots SID with heavy gunfire
which slows down his escape
the two then confront each other and fall into a fierce bloody dogfight
eventually, Parker manages to overpower SID and bashes him into the glass
with his body sliced into pieces though
SID however, absorbs the glass fiber to recovers his body soon
and holds Parker's neck tightly
attempting to suffocate him to death
right at that critical moment
Parker manages to pull out his personality chip behind his head
which suddenly shuts down SID and stops his body from recovering
meanwhile, the assistant takes Dave there
who just warns that she can never rescue her daughter after SID is destroyed
but luckily, Parker figures out a plan
they enter the virtual world later
where they find SID
who's believing that he's still in the real world
SID kills Parker easily
feeling exciting as the final winner of the game
he turns arrogant and even tells the assistant
where her daughter is confined
but upon seeing Parker comes alive before him again
SID realizes that he has been sent back to the virtual world
at the time when the assistant is taken off-line however
Dave takes a chance to kill the police director
attempting to free SID
fortunately, right before SID regains control
and is about to kill Parker in the virtual world
the assistant wakes up and kills Dave instead
once off-line from the virtual world
Parker takes out SID's personality chip immediately
at the end of the story, the police save the daughter and set Parker free, as promised
while the personality chip of the demon SID is thrown onto the street and torn into pieces
this's Daniel CC movie channel, Bye